README.md, before:

## EDAV: NYC Crime and Covid-19
book link: https://oliverliuoo.github.io/nyc-crime-covid19/

### Introduction
We will try to answer some of the following questions that we have interest in.

1. Geological disparity of crime rate has always existed among different districts in NYC. Under years of city construction, is there a decrease in crime rate in those districts with high crime rates?

2. How did the Pandemic affect crimes in NYC? Is there a noticeable increase in the number of cases, or the severity of the crime?

3. As vaccination rate increased in the past year, the city has gradually recovered from the pandemic, how does this affect the unemployment rate, and more importantly, is there a connection between the unemployment rate and NY crime?

### Data Source
Crime Statistics in NYPD (main dataset)

https://www1.nyc.gov/site/nypd/stats/crime-statistics/crime-statistics-landing.page

NY hate crime (possible support dataset)

https://data.ny.gov/Public-Safety/Hate-Crimes-by-County-and-Bias-Type-Beginning-2010/6xda-q7ev

NYC covid-19 data (possible support dataset)

https://github.com/nychealth/coronavirus-data/tree/master/latest

https://www1.nyc.gov/site/doh/covid/covid-19-data.page

NYC employment data(possible support dataset)

https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/New-York-City-Seasonally-Adjusted-Employment/5hjv-bjbv

*This repo was initially generated from a bookdown template available here: https://github.com/jtr13/EDAVtemplate.*

Commit message:

(Sitong) Add missing plot analysis and future work's dividing up.

README.md, after:

## EDAV: NYC Crime and Covid-19
book link: https://oliverliuoo.github.io/nyc-crime-covid19/

### Introduction
We will try to answer some of the following questions that we have interest in.

1. Geological disparity of crime rate has always existed among different districts in NYC. Under years of city construction, is there a decrease in crime rate in those districts with high crime rates?

2. How did the Pandemic affect crimes in NYC? Is there a noticeable increase in the number of cases, or the severity of the crime?

3. As vaccination rate increased in the past year, the city has gradually recovered from the pandemic, how does this affect the unemployment rate, and more importantly, is there a connection between the unemployment rate and NY crime?

### Data Source
Crime Statistics in NYPD (main dataset)

https://www1.nyc.gov/site/nypd/stats/crime-statistics/crime-statistics-landing.page

NY hate crime (possible support dataset)

https://data.ny.gov/Public-Safety/Hate-Crimes-by-County-and-Bias-Type-Beginning-2010/6xda-q7ev

NYC covid-19 data (possible support dataset)

https://github.com/nychealth/coronavirus-data/tree/master/latest

https://www1.nyc.gov/site/doh/covid/covid-19-data.page

NYC employment data(possible support dataset)

https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/New-York-City-Seasonally-Adjusted-Employment/5hjv-bjbv

### Future Plan
#### Data 
Already done.
#### Cleaning
Oliver will be working on the NYC crime dataset, and Sitong will handle the data about Covid-19.
#### Visualize
First for visualization of single varibales, we will split it up into two parts and each accomplish one.
And for the visualization of interaction bewteen each feature and target variable, we also split it up evenly.
#### Interactive
We will each implement part of the code of D3js.
#### Conclusion
We will discuss together and complete it together.

*This repo was initially generated from a bookdown template available here: https://github.com/jtr13/EDAVtemplate.*
